---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

I realized that I have once again neglected this blog. This post will focus on the week of 4/11 to 4/15, and I will post tomorrow about this past week, 4/18 to 4/22.

## What did I do this past week (4/11-4/15)?

The week was pretty calm. I did not have many deadlines to meet in my various classes, so I was able to make some significant progress on Project #5 with my partner. It is also nice that it seems like my current partner has a schedule that more closely matches up with mine than my previous partners, even though she commutes from Riverside.

## What's in my way?

Paying attention in class has become a challenge for me recently; as the semester draws to a close, I am finding myself becoming increasingly distracted during lectures. To combat this, I started using an app called FocusNow that allows you to set a timer on your phone to “grow a tree” as long as you don’t use your phone (by exiting the app) during the time period. It’s pretty cute!

## What will I do next week?

I planned on making sure that my partner and I submit Project #5 properly on time. (Spoiler alert: this was a success!!)

## My experience in the class

We have been spending time on inheritance recently, and I now have a grasp of how it all works in C++. Overall, I find that Professor Downing is an excellent lecturer. It is somewhat surprising to realize how I have come to enjoy his style of lecturing (calling on students and then explaining the answers to his questions) when I was so nervous about it at the beginning of the semester.
