---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

It is not April 8, the promised date of my new entry. But better late than never, right?

## What did I do this week (3/28-4/1)?

I started working on Project #4, but it was difficult to find time to meet up with my partner, especially since this week was especially busy for me with regards to student orgs.

On Wednesday (3/29), I attended the Women Changing the World Dinner and Panel hosted by the Women in Engineering Program; it was incredibly inspiring to speak to different female Cockrell School alumni who are all in management positions, pursuing entrepreneurial interests, or doing something else equally amazing. On Friday (4/1), I took a biomechanics exam; I think it went really well despite not studying until a couple days before.

## What's in my way?

Project #4, particularly coding it without getters and setters. My partner and I kept on becoming confused about how to distinguish getters and setters within our design, so we ultimately went and consulted one of the TAs during the Study Session on Thursday (3/30).

## What will I do next week?

I planned to study for my numerical methods exam, which was scheduled for the following Monday (4/4). I also wanted to finish Project #4 before Wednesday and catch up on all my other classwork. (Spoiler: the latter two unfortunately did not happen.)

## My experience in the class

We had a presentation on Wednesday (3/29) by Steve and Mark from Atlassian. In addition to learning that Atlassian is behind BitBucket, I learned about the process of implementing a new feature in Steve’s HipChat team. I particularly enjoyed these speakers because they gave me better insight into how software engineers might work in a team on the same product.
