---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

## What did I do this past week?

I did not get as much accomplished as I wanted to this past week. I skipped quite a few of my classes in favor of getting more sleep and studying for an exam that I still did not do too well on.

## What's in my way?

Final assignments and exams in all of my classes.

## What will I do next week?

I plan on making a schedule later today to formally set aside time for all tasks that need to be completed before I can wrap up the semester. In addition to making an effort to attend all lectures for my classes this next week, I will follow the schedule that I make so that I can stay on top of my responsibilities.

## My experience in the class

Since we finished up our last quiz of the course last Monday, I was not as motivated to go to lecture for the rest of the week. However, I have been trying to keep up with the material through looking at any notes on the Google Doc and going through the code that Professor Downing posts on the website. We have recently been talking about handle classes, which is something that I never really gave much thought to as a programming design/tool prior to doing Project #5.

## Tip-of-the-week

I have been told by multiple people that Stanford’s two algorithms courses ([Part 1]( https://www.coursera.org/course/algo), [Part 2]( https://www.coursera.org/course/algo2)) on Coursera closely mirror what is taught in CS 331 here at UT. Although I am planning on taking the honors version of the course next spring, it should still be useful for me to check out the Coursera courses over the summer!
