---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

## What did I do this past week?

After Wednesday's class, I finally feel like I fully understand the * and & operators in C++, which is incredibly exciting as I have always cowered in fear in the face of anything related to pointers and references. In contrast to this success, I had difficulty completing the first project as the clock ticked on while I struggled to ensure that project requirements were met. 

## What's in my way?

Procrastination continues to be an issue, and I am still not entirely familiar with all of the tools that we need to use while completing projects because of it. I also missed class on Friday (2/5) because I was out of town, so I need to make sure that I review the notes on the Google doc before tomorrow's quiz.

## What will I do next week?

I am excited to start the second project. This will be my first time pair programming since CS 314H in Fall 2014, and I am hopeful that I will learn a lot through this experience. I also anticipate being able to work on the project in a timely manner, as I tend to feel pressured into managing my time better when I am working on a team.

## Tip-of-the-week

Don't try to do projects for this class on a computer running Windows. I ultimately gave up on setting up everything, after wasting some precious time attempting to do so. I now work SSH'ed into CS lab machines, but maybe I will eventually tire of it and finally just make my way to the physical GDC labs themselves, where I can also take advantage of the Thursday night study sessions!
