---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

## What did I do this past week?

This past week was stressful. I had a Data Mining homework to complete along with the project for this class. It was such a relief to finally turn both in on Friday!

## What's in my way?

It really hit me last week that there are only two full weeks until school is over and finals begin. This realization unfortunately contributed to increasing my levels of stress. Hopefully I can remain calm and level-headed as I finish up this semester.

## What will I do next week?

I plan on wrapping up all remaining work for my classes while also beginning to study for my last exams and finals.

## My experience in the class

After completing five projects for this class, I feel as if I have gained more confidence in my programming abilities. I cannot say that I will definitely ace all of my technical interviews and find myself a software engineering internship next summer, but I feel that I have developed a better, more methodical way of approaching problems and debugging my solutions.

## Tip-of-the-week

I was talking to a friend about my plans for the summer, aside from doing biomedical imaging research (and likely not doing anything related to computer science) at MD Anderson. My answers of “exploring Houston” and “picking back up the piano and violin” were deemed unsatisfactory, and he suggested that I take a series of edX courses over [Data Science and Engineering with Spark](https://www.edx.org/xseries/data-science-engineering-spark).

I have mentioned these courses before, saying that they cost $49-99 each. However, it turns out that I was wrong, so I will definitely be checking them out!
