---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

##What did I do this past week?

I am ashamed to say that I had not taken any notes during the past four weeks of lecture until this Friday. After missing classes a few times due to varying reasons, I tried out a new system of taking notes during Friday's lecture, where I basically wrote down every little thing. Ultimately, I felt like I understood the material a lot better.

As for progress on the second project, my programming partner and I had trouble finding a convenient time to meet up last week, but we managed to meet up for about 2.5 hours last Thursday to split up some of the initial work.

##What's in my way?

As per my previous two posts, the fight against procrastination continues. I feel pretty good so far though because I have already begun working on the second project a week before it is due.

##What will I do next week?

The deadline for the second project looms closely, so most of my energy will be focused on that. I also hope to slowly migrate my blog posts to an earlier date in the week, so I am going to aim to post again on Saturday (2/20) at the latest. Another goal is to go to every single lecture since I missed class last Wednesday due to oversleeping.

##Tip-of-the-week

Take into account your potential programming partner’s schedule. If it does not coordinate with your schedule very well, consider finding someone else. I ultimately chose not to in this case because I wanted the experience of pair programming with a good friend. (Hi, Austin!)
