---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

## What did I do this past week?

Project #2 is in the books after plenty of Quality Time with Austin. I was surprised to find myself mostly enjoying working on the project, although there were quite a few complaints about my sparse comments, apparent abuse of variables and loops, and angry typing while sleep-deprived. (I’m working on it.) We kept on confusing ourselves while writing our “simple” solution that was not object-oriented, so we quickly scrapped that idea for our more sophisticated object-oriented solution when the time pressure increased.

Other than the project, I’ve been enjoying lecture as Dr. Downing has had us practice implementing some functions in class while discussing with classmates. Although these problems are pretty straightforward, it is definitely making me more confident with explaining my code and ideas to peers.

##What's in my way?

Nothing much stands in my way right now other than figuring out how to do better on the quizzes. I have identified two major factors that really impact my performance. The first is the three-minute time limit, and the second is the inability to go back after submitting an answer. I can’t really do much about these two issues, so all I can do is think of a way to not let them bother me (as much).

##What will I do next week?

It appears that I will be dedicating the next couple weeks for exam prep for most of my classes, as the first round of exams have unfortunately arrived. I am also going to continue going to lecture, as I did successfully attend all OOP lectures this past week.

##Tip-of-the-week

UC Berkeley is putting up a series of online courses on edX over “[Data Science and Engineering with Spark](https://www.edx.org/xseries/data-science-engineering-spark)” later this spring. Unfortunately, each course costs about $49-99….
