---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

## What did I do this past week?

I fell sick, which made studying for my three exams difficult. As a result, I did not do anything other than sleeping and attempting to study.

## What's in my way?

I do not have any definite road blocks as of now.

## What will I do next week?

I will enjoy my spring break while also using my extra time to get on top of my work. My partner for Project #3 is staying in town over spring break, so I will be heading to campus a bit to try to knock out most, if not all, of it.

## My experience in the class

We went over Project #3 on Monday. It was pretty amusing when Professor Downing presented the project, as I and my friends sitting next to me had flashbacks to the disastrous second project in our Operating Systems class, in which we had to implement preemptive multithreading as well as our own heap.

On Wednesday, we listened to a guest speaker, Everett Toews from Rackspace. Although I do enjoy having guest speakers, I wish that their presentations were better structured. I usually end up enjoying the little personal stories that are thrown in while not quite being able to summarize the presentation. (I missed the first guest speaker, so I am speaking based off of my experience with two guest speakers.)

I was really happy that Professor Downing canceled class on Friday. It did not give me a head start on the break, as I still had a single class at 1 pm that day, but it was still nice to wake up at 8 am and know that I would get to eat lunch before even needing to head out of my apartment.

## Tip-of-the-week

Take care of yourself. You do not want to get sick during hell weeks, like I unfortunately tend to do.
