---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

## What did I do this past week?

I dedicated most of my time last week to studying for this class’ exam, aside from working on the usual assignments from all of my classes. I prefer to do initial review for exams by myself, but oftentimes I only get as far as that step until I realize that it is already the day of the exam. Thanks, procrastination.

To prepare for this class’ exam, I participated in group study sessions for the first time since entering college. I do not think that I did a particularly good job of utilizing my group study members’ collective knowledge since we did not follow Professor Downing’s advice to compose a set of exam questions each and then study off of the gathered pool. I believe that towards the end of our studying sessions we began to gravitate toward that idea. However, we were all too tired and had other things to do at that point, so we did not pursue it.

## What's in my way?

Three exams to go until spring break.

## What will I do next week?

I will mainly focus on preparing for my exams. (I feel that I am beginning to sound like a broken record.) However, I am also aiming to get a head start on Project #3 with my partner.

## My experience in the class

This past week’s exam was incredibly fair; the material covered in class provided me with all of the tools to solve the problems. My downfall came with my pacing. Although I ended up running out of time, I wish that I had taken my time earlier in the exam to thoroughly process what each question was asking me for. I ended up having to at least partially rewrite a couple of my solutions near the end of the hour when I realized that I had misinterpreted the problems.

## Tip-of-the-week

Don’t panic! This tip can be applied to basically anything, as panic oftentimes does nothing to aid in the situation and everything to make matters worse. I am personally most guilty of ignoring this piece of advice during exams. I typically calm myself during exams now by putting away study materials ten minutes prior to the exam and making sure that I have a tasty drink (milk tea or a fruit smoothie) or at least some candy to snack on during the exam.
