---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

##What did I do this past week?

Other than attending lecture, I mostly just spent my time doing the assigned readings for the class (I particularly enjoyed the one on "College Advice".) I wish that I could have gotten the motivation to start working on the first project earlier. One notable event from this past week is getting called on by Dr. Downing for the first time last Friday (1/29), which was quite nerve-wracking. I think that I have come to appreciate his style of lecture though, after staying up all night the day before the first lecture worrying about it. (I kid, I kid.)

##What's in my way?
 
My procrastination habit is already kicking in, even though we have only finished eight school days of Spring 2016. Procrastination has always been a problem of mine, and it really cost me a lot in all four of the CS classes that I have taken so far. However, I am determined to make sure that the trend stops with this class.

##What will I do next week?

Forced by the deadline, I will likely be incredibly productive this next week as I finish up the first project. Unfortunately, I probably will not be able to start the second project as soon as I want to, as I will be out of town this weekend. I do plan on sitting down and making my game plan for all of my classes for the rest of this semester soon in an attempt to split my tasks into more bite-sized pieces.

##Tip-of-the-week

Setting up everything on my laptop that runs Windows has been fun. I found [this webpage](http://www1.cmc.edu/pages/faculty/alee/g++/g++.html) to be particularly helpful with installing g++.
