---
layout: post
title: Week 15
---

## What did I do this past week?

I finished up my last week of classes and took 2.5 exams, including Test #2 for this class. Despite the exams, it was actually a pretty relaxing week, and I was able to catch up on some sleep, though possibly at the expense of not doing as well as I should have on Test #2. More about that later though…

## What's in my way?

FINALS.

## What will I do next week?

Aside from taking breaks to eat meals (and socialize with people during them), I plan on dedicating all of my time to studying. Goodbye, OOP. And I’m not going to think about coding anything until after my last final is completed on next Monday morning.

## My experience in the class

I felt that Test #2 was more difficult than Test #1 in that I was nowhere close to finishing all of the problems on Test #2. I definitely could have spent some more time on my cheat sheet, specifically making sure that I could find all of the information that I (with the help of the sheet posted on Piazza) had squeezed onto the front and back of a 8.5” x 11” sheet of paper. It was somewhat of a relief though to find out that most of my classmates also felt that they did not have adequate time to finish the test.

## Tip-of-the-week

Not quite directly related to software development, but I figured that this would be a suitable last tip as we enter finals.

Find something that motivates you. For me, I find that looking at pictures of people’s desks on the [studyblr tag]( https://www.tumblr.com/tagged/studyblr) on Tumblr is oddly motivating for me. Perhaps you can try it out too!
