---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

## What did I do this past week?

I took an exam last Monday (4/4) in numerical methods, and I accidentally overslept Wednesday’s class. My partner and I also struggled to finish Project #4. We submitted in time with non-perfect code. Our output for the 72x72 test case did not match everyone else’s, but we were told by TAs and classmates that we would likely still get a better grade from submitting our current solution than taking a late day penalty.

Unfortunately, in the rush, we forgot to include one of our test output files, and we forgot to properly name the file containing our UML diagram. As a result, we received a 20% late day penalty anyway. Although this did give 24 hours for my partner and I to improve our code, we were only able to find one mistake before the resubmission deadline since we already had other commitments lined up on Friday.

## What's in my way?

No road blocks.

## What will I do next week?

My partner for Project #5 and I have set up a meeting time for tomorrow to begin working. Other than that, I am going to continue trying to catch up on all my classwork.

## My experience in the class

It is incredibly frustrating that I feel like I am capable of getting an A in this class while I am actually about to get a C. I am having trouble identifying other issues other than perhaps not dedicating enough time to projects earlier on. I have heard that this class is not curved at all, so it is difficult to keep on trying with that knowledge in mind. However, I suppose that if I just completely gave up now, I would fail the class. Needless to say, that is not an option.

## Tip-of-the-week

I was recently shown this website: [Techies](http://www.techiesproject.com/). It features stories of people who are underrepresented in tech. I have only read one so far, but I am planning on getting to all of them because I have always found stories to be incredibly powerful and inspiring.
