---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

## What did I do this past week?

Over this spring break, I worked on Project #3 with my partner. We looked at both of our code from OS, and we ended up choosing to base our code for this project off of her old heap instead of mine. Right now our new heap tentatively works, but we plan on waiting until more people add tests to the public test repo before testing more vigorously.

## What's in my way?

No road blocks as of now!

## What will I do next week?

Slightly refreshed after spring break, I plan on tackling all of my courses with increased vigor.

## My experience in the class

Nothing to talk about in terms of impressions on formal class content (lectures) since my post schedule appears to be slightly off compared to everyone else’s. However, I would like to spend a bit of this post talking about pair programming.

I have pair programmed with a total of three people so far in my UTCS experience: one for five projects in CS 314H, one for Project #2, and one for Project #3. My very first partner had a very similar programming style and way of approaching problems to me. For example, we placed comments where the other would have placed comments, and we also oftentimes found both of ourselves with paper and pencil, working through lines of our code until we found a bug.

My partner for Project #2 was all about commenting everything, even the most obvious line of code. In contrast, my current partner seems to tend more towards commenting after coding. It also fascinates me how she does not need to walk through her code to debug; several times while programming over the break, she was able to just go line by line, staring at the code, until she discovered an error.

I am not entirely sure what point I am trying to make with these descriptions other than that it is quite interesting to compare the different programming styles. I suppose I am glad that this class is forcing me to expose myself to more people’s programming and problem solving styles by offering very enticing extra credit opportunities.

## Tip-of-the-week

One of my plans for spring break was to finally get started on a personal website, so one of my friends recommended that I try out [Flask](http://flask.pocoo.org/). (I will be honest and say that this was one plan that I did not follow through on….)
