---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

## What did I do this past week?

I focused most of my time on my other classes, as I had an exam in biomechanics on Wednesday, but I did find the time to read chapters 9 and 10 of the textbook for this class.

## What’s in my way?

Studying, finding the motivation to do so, and completing typical weekly assignments from all of my classes.

## What will I do next week?

I have two exams this coming week. Luckily, they are as spread out as possible because the first is on Monday while the second (for this class) is on Friday. Other than exam preparation, I will also be trying for the nth time to get on top of everything that I need to do, which includes beginning to revise for the exams coming up in the following week as well as completing some tasks for student orgs.

## My experience in the class

I made it to my first guest speaker (second for the class as a whole), and I mostly enjoyed it. It was a good reminder that open source projects exist. Now if only I can find some time to contribute to them.

##Tip-of-the-week

Test all code even after minor changes. My partner and I made a function signature change in our second project to remove an unwanted input argument, but we neglected to make the change to a function call in the main of the file we submitted to UVa. As a result, our grader received a compilation error when he tried to run our solution. We fixed it by literally removing one letter, but we still incurred a one-day late submission penalty.
