---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

Posting to this blog somehow completely slipped my mind until today. Here’s the plan: I will discuss March 21 to March 25 in this post. I will submit an additional post tomorrow about March 28 to April 1. Then, I will be back on track for posting about this past week on this coming Sunday.

## What did I do this week (3/21-3/25)?

I successfully finished Project #3, and it was ready to turn in before the due date on Thursday! It was so incredibly relaxing to not have to worry about wrapping up any loose ends on the day that it was due. I did forget to add the graders to our private repo, but because we had finished the project Wednesday evening and submitted the project earlier in the day on Thursday, I was able to be notified before the deadline at 10 pm. Moral of the story: finish things on time.

## What's in my way?

The week was very relaxing. I was lucky in that all of my classes had their first round of exams before spring break, so no road blocks!

## What will I do next week?

I recall planning to begin studying for my biomechanics exam that was scheduled for the following Friday (4/1). I also wanted to get a start on Project #4 as soon as Professor Downing went over it during lecture. (Stay tuned for my next two blog posts to see whether that actually happened.)

## My experience in the class

I am pleased that Professor Downing has demystified the “const” keyword for me. I never quite understood the use for it, but he gave some examples during lecture while he was discussing it. I also appreciate that he is very patient whenever students incorrectly answer questions in class. 
